Add CLI Manuals (#11)
nitindermohan/oak-new-docs: content/docs/manuals/cli/overview.md

Reviewer: Link to the CLI application deployment doc at the end of the page as a link-card so that it is clear how CLI can be used within the real workflow.

Author: Is added

Reviewer: Also better to create a command overview table at the end that highlights different categories of command support with links to those pages directly.

---

> title: "Overview"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Command Line Interface (CLI) Overview"
```

Author: I have changed it to this now - IMO this makes more sense (no unnecessary and length repetition)
plus if you do "Command Line Interface (CLI)" this gets too long and interferes with the toggle/collapse icons to the right

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f51ffc74-c8db-4598-bf8b-7e8179596260)

summary: ""
draft: false
weight: 331
toc: true
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

{{< callout context="caution" title="Requirements" icon="outline/alert-triangle">}}

>   - You have carefully read [the OAK CLI Basics](/docs/getting-started/deploy-app/with-the-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You have carefully read [the application deployment with OAK CLI](/docs/getting-started/deploy-app/with-the-cli).
```
